Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Then I can show it there. So of course it would be quite good to have something. If it's not then I just show what we have so far which is also fine.

Yeah okay, also I found the webinars actually on their LinkedIn page. They are there next week and the week after as well so total three.

Next week is training text recognition models and I think on 3 December yeah improving text recognition models. But they didn't they didn't but didn't I send you or wasn't there something about field models also or not? Maybe they didn't do it no just a little because the time was already over and a lot of people were asking a lot of questions because they were like beginners. They had no idea what this is about. Maybe that we need some very beginners yeah like 20 of them. Okay yeah that's good or not good I don't know.

Yeah okay well yeah you can also check maybe they have very webinars which are more specialized. But in the editor did they show you some functions which I mean of course you don't know what is new and what is not new but something which I was struggling with or you cannot really say not really. It was like general "how to start" "how to edit" "how to add regions" and so on. But it's very good for you that you get it from the beginning from the base so that not only just changing something with somebody else but you that you know how to. What this all means. I mean you understood now this regions, lines, polygons. Yeah exactly.

And did they explain that sometimes it's important to do first certainly different layout models and also taught to train layout models or they didn't talk about this. They would talk about this next week actually. Okay the layout models or the text models because there are three different stages there or for 
It just randomly assigns regions and so on and then also finds out the lines this is I mean the regions is one part and the lines the lines of text this sometimes also doesn't work if the text is a little bit this way and that way then this doesn't work yeah you can also look if you if it doesn't work then you can either train your own layout model or you change whatever something then you can mentally of course change it and then you do you have this done this then you do the text recognition and there you can choose the text recognition model which of course nowadays they always advertise to use this big AI models text title one term which is 1.2 three and um but they also all these very different own trained models and so on or non-ai i mean it's a bit yeah not the super models but then you can also do this other thing what we wanted to do we can assign there's a layout we assign fields to it and we train this field model and we have a field model and then we run throughs so that all the fields are assigned to the sections and only then we do the recognition um do I need a subscription plan so I can do the this training or no because I created my own account if you're working with my account then you can do all everything yeah but if you are never the free account you cannot do some things yeah because I created my own account yeah because I didn't want it to spend your credits and I wanted to practice a little bit it's okay I still have quite some there but how many credits did they give you as a start? 15. They give you something over 15 okay playing around you can play with this 50. I think you get every month 50 no? I think that's the idea. Yes, every month they give you 50 for free yeah yeah you can play around but I think since you have the free version so you will not have the field model you will not have the super models. Yeah I don't have them. I think training you can do but it's I guess not so yeah for playing around is okay but certain serious stuff is not available. Okay so I will practice a little bit more and then we'll see yeah 
Hopefully get but maybe you'll not do it today or tomorrow but there's this documented diary which I photographed but which needs to be cropped and stuffed with pictures so that you can use it for text recognition.

Did you ever do this with a photo document to crop and so on? Anyway I can just show you it's very easy.

Yes to crop it. I'll show you but I don't think I have time today or maybe not tomorrow, but the next week is okay.

Okay okay yeah, just ping me when you get some results from ChatGPT. Okay yeah of course, good then talk to me later or then if not then tomorrow.

Okay okay bye! 