# Resume

**Name:** Bindiak Dana

Hello everybody! My name is Dana, I`m 22 years old and I live in Chernivtsi region in Ukraine. Since I was 16 years old i always wanted to achieve some kind of fulfillment or realization, so i started to work early. I was working as a server and barman. Also I have experience of working in USA. I had been living there for one year. There I was working for a Hostess position in the restaurant. My main responsibilities were to communicate with customers, give them some kind of instructions or just answer all the questions they had. I don`t have experience of working remotely, but I know a lot of people do that, so I also want to try it. This year I have graduated from Chernivetskyi National University, my specialization sounds as English to Ukrainian translation. Now I know I don`t have the highest level of English but I try to make it better every time so that is why I really enjoy the communication with people from foreign countries. Also last time I`m pretty interested in design I`m even taking a design course now. But I just started so for now it`s more just like a hobby. I suppose I`m pretty responsible, creative and communicative person. It`s easy for me to get acknowledged with stranger and even being a friend and as well I`m a person who really enjoy to learn something new. I speak Ukrainian as a native, also I speak Russian and English. I know how to work with basic Windows programs and I know for sure what is ChatGPT and I know how to use it to take advantage from it. For now that`s it, I thank you for your attention and hope we`ll keep in touch.